Oh
or what catering ask the boss man who
asked you have to ask can we humpin this
out then your head now video that's so
fun
I need to apologize sir like I call me
sir I'm just an what fuck it out today
no it's in see you should be fired don't
laugh at me my dad is a food yeah I
think that's quite difficult we recycle
can we go kissin whoa Oh what the fuck
dude you almost killed us worried about
my camera you're not holding hunter
Mike I'm gonna go that fast you coulda
win bush Josh the edge
yeah this is going
signal
what do you use a fish I ate a brownie
or skateboarding Oh
ok
take the table
that's what this coil gasps gasps two or
three part because Gary wants to go
there thanks a lot
so my name
it's Daniel Big D or D train where at
where this car worthless crew right
there right there see it's a leader
right they're worthless crew who's the
leader Nick Sanchez that's the Prince
Raymond stefani worthless crew gasps
when a pic for
stop riding a bike and maybe more fun
I want to read
I love to
run
you know it's coming
oh oh yeah so anything about Daniel
fucking short he's like a fucking
talking baby baby he says he's not a big
risk fucking baby ask him about the time
I made him cry oh no Daniel was talking
shit the old man rich once again and he
was like making fun of how old he was
and so bitch is like being a little
fucking shoot hit just talked to shoot
on me I'm gonna have to teach him what's
up and say like walked off to his car
kind of bummed out oh my god his car has
as rich was leaving dan said something
else like making fun of his age and his
skating ability so like I i cocked my
leg as hard as I could it I just fucking
soccer kicked him right in yes and uh
just he started crying and I felt really
bad I didn't know what to do like so I
just kind of in and my mom got really
mad at me as I made a thirteen-year-old
cry so I was like I lose lose cuz I I
thought really bad Daniel try
by Dan you'll see in the morning
you